Coming in time
Hang Yuntian enters the fifth department again
If no one challenges the boundary before 5 o'clock
Today, Ren Zongcatch is Hangyuntian again
Little sister, it's your turn to draw your sword
Without the help of Qi Zong Zhao Chang
Just a beggar husband wants to pull out the Shushan sword
You are dreaming Huang Zichen
Kneel down and apologize to me immediately
Otherwise, there will be no regrets for life.
Then with your beggar husband
Will be my slave forever
What are you?
With me, don't say step into the dance
Even if you step into ten steps and pull out the dead sword
That's a piece of cake. That's enough.
Qian Yuan, I'll pick you up
I didn't ask you to come here to anger the audience
Everyone here
It's not something you can afford to offend
Remember your status
Your promise to marry me is false
You are just a shield
It's useless to me
Frog in the Well
Want to eat swan meat
wishful thinking
Get off me
There is no past and present
Ok I'll go
Don't give it to that nephew anymore
Tang Zichen, is it yours? It's a pity.
Even if it is coming
If no one challenges the Shushan Sword again
I declare bullshit.
Miss Jianzong Pang Zichen drew his sword
Ladies and gentlemen, if I fail
Hope
You can spare his life